Improvements to contributing documentation (#297)
fluxcd/helm-operator: docs/contributing/get-started-developing.md

...
ts=2020-04-15T20:35:16.249414781Z caller=release.go:78 component=release release=podinfo targetNamespace=default resource=default:helmrelease/podinfo helmVersion=v3 info="This is a test"
ts=2020-04-15T20:35:16.540354042Z caller=release.go:272 component=release release=podinfo targetNamespace=default resource=default:helmrelease/podinfo helmVersion=v3 info="running installation" phase=install
ts=2020-04-15T20:35:16.89689355Z caller=helm.go:69 component=helm version=v3 info="creating 3 resource(s)" targetNamespace=default release=podinfo
ts=2020-04-15T20:35:16.938861204Z caller=release.go:281 component=release release=podinfo targetNamespace=default resource=default:helmrelease/podinfo helmVersion=v3 info="installation succeeded" revision=2.1.0 phase=install
...
```

## Congratulations!

You did it! you made your first change to the HelmRelease CRD, built, deployed and ran an instance of the Flux Helm Operator to see it in action.

You should now hopefully be more comfortable with making changes and running the Flux Helm Operator locally, and be ready to tackle your [first issue](https://github.com/fluxcd/helm-operator/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22).

> To find out more about the Flux Helm Operator community and our contribution workflow have a look at the [contributing guide](https://docs.fluxcd.io/projects/helm-operator/en/stable/contributing/introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out more about the Flux Helm Operator community and our contribution workflow have a look at the [contributing guide](introduction.md).
```

`mkdocs` figures out relative links to other documents by itself and transforms them to the appropriate URLs :-)
